README.md, before:

![MasterHead](https://digiday.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2015/06/DonkeyKong-banner2.gif)
<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Samir</h1>
<h3 align="center">Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm a graduate student. passionate about web development.</h3>
<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://amonigel.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/thoughtworks-gif_dribbble.gif">

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=md-samir-hossain&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="md-samir-hossain" /> </p>

<!--<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/samir9093" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/samir9093?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="samir9093" /></a> </p> -->

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **improving myself**

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **Web development**

- 💬 Ask me about **creating web design**

- 📫 How to reach me **samirhossain9093@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **Fun is everywhere**

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/empty_0003) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/md-samir-hossain-7701b320b) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300000f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Lightroom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Lightroom-31A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Lightroom&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![LINUX](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black) ![GIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-fc6d26?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
# 📊 GitHub Stats:
<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Md-Samir-Hossain&theme=radical&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Md-Samir-Hossain&theme=radical&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false" alt="md-samir-hossain" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Md-Samir-Hossain&theme=radical&hide_border=false" alt="md-samir-hossain" /></p>


## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Md-Samir-Hossain&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

## ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

---


<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
<!---
Md-Samir-Hossain/Md-Samir-Hossain is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->

Commit message:

React added
Updated personal introduction and contact information in README.

README.md, after:

![MasterHead](https://digiday.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2015/06/DonkeyKong-banner2.gif)
<h1 align="center">Hi 👋, I'm Samir</h1>
<h3 align="center">Welcome to my GitHub profile! I'm a passionate frontend developer. Love to create unique and interactive designs.</h3>
<img align="right" alt="Coding" width="400" src="https://amonigel.com/wp-content/uploads/2022/06/thoughtworks-gif_dribbble.gif">

<p align="left"> <img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=md-samir-hossain&label=Profile%20views&color=0e75b6&style=flat" alt="md-samir-hossain" /> </p>

<!--<p align="left"> <a href="https://twitter.com/samir9093" target="blank"><img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/samir9093?logo=twitter&style=for-the-badge" alt="samir9093" /></a> </p> -->

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **React based projects**

- 🌱 I’m currently learning **New things to improve my skills**

- 💬 Ask me about **creating web design**

- 📫 How to reach me **mdsamirh.official@gmail.com**

- ⚡ Fun fact **Fun is everywhere**

## 🌐 Socials:
[![Instagram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Instagram-%23E4405F.svg?logo=Instagram&logoColor=white)](https://instagram.com/empty_0003) [![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-%230077B5.svg?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/md-samir-hossain-7701b320b) 

# 💻 Tech Stack:
<!---
![C](https://img.shields.io/badge/c-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c&logoColor=white) ![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/c++-%2300599C.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=c%2B%2B&logoColor=white) ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/html5-%23E34F26.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=html5&logoColor=white) ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/css3-%231572B6.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=css3&logoColor=white) ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/javascript-%23323330.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=javascript&logoColor=%23F7DF1E) ![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54) ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/react-%2320232a.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=react&logoColor=%2361DAFB) ![TailwindCSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/tailwindcss-%2338B2AC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white) ![Redux](https://img.shields.io/badge/redux-%23593d88.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=redux&logoColor=white)
![Figma](https://img.shields.io/badge/figma-%23F24E1E.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=figma&logoColor=white) ![NodeJS](https://img.shields.io/badge/node.js-6DA55F?style=for-the-badge&logo=node.js&logoColor=white) ![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/mysql-%2300000f.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=mysql&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Lightroom](https://img.shields.io/badge/Adobe%20Lightroom-31A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Adobe%20Lightroom&logoColor=white) ![Adobe Photoshop](https://img.shields.io/badge/adobe%20photoshop-%2331A8FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=adobe%20photoshop&logoColor=white) ![Canva](https://img.shields.io/badge/Canva-%2300C4CC.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=Canva&logoColor=white) ![LINUX](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black) ![GIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/Git-fc6d26?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white) 
--->

<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/c/c-original.svg" alt="c" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/cplusplus/cplusplus-original.svg" alt="cplusplus" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/html5/html5-original-wordmark.svg" alt="html5" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/css3/css3-original-wordmark.svg" alt="css3" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/javascript/javascript-original.svg" alt="javascript" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/python/python-original.svg" alt="python" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/react/react-original-wordmark.svg" alt="react" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/tailwindcss/tailwindcss-icon.svg" alt="tailwind" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/redux/redux-original.svg" alt="redux" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/nodejs/nodejs-original-wordmark.svg" alt="nodejs" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/mysql/mysql-original-wordmark.svg" alt="mysql" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/devicons/devicon/master/icons/linux/linux-original.svg" alt="linux" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/git-scm/git-scm-icon.svg" alt="git" width="40" height="40"/> <img src="https://www.vectorlogo.zone/logos/figma/figma-icon.svg" alt="figma" width="40" height="40"/>

# 📊 GitHub Stats:
<p><img align="left" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=Md-Samir-Hossain&theme=radical&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false&layout=compact" /></p>

<p>&nbsp;<img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=Md-Samir-Hossain&theme=radical&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=false&count_private=false" alt="md-samir-hossain" /></p>

<p><img align="center" src="https://github-readme-streak-stats.herokuapp.com/?user=Md-Samir-Hossain&theme=radical&hide_border=false" alt="md-samir-hossain" /></p>


## 🏆 GitHub Trophies
![](https://github-profile-trophy.vercel.app/?username=Md-Samir-Hossain&theme=radical&no-frame=true&no-bg=true&margin-w=4)

## ✍️ Random Dev Quote
![](https://quotes-github-readme.vercel.app/api?type=horizontal&theme=radical)

---


<!-- Proudly created with GPRM ( https://gprm.itsvg.in ) -->
<!---
Md-Samir-Hossain/Md-Samir-Hossain is a ✨ special ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.
You can click the Preview link to take a look at your changes.
--->
